welcome to no knife
Customers today are showing the right way
Well, we do one today
Japanese rattled salad with salmon and
what do you say it starts right away with that
small knife my favorite topic when
Cutting onions commutes from home
because it's a pleasure to cry a lot
dull knife and the wrong one
cutting technique small knife woman
this beautiful country in any case if
I put my hand in between , I 'm even
not on the floor because of edge
slip
important when cutting with a small one
knife once attached to the knife
hand and also do not cut
go and press that would squeeze
then the juice comes out and me
must weep and therefore cry
a cutting motion in the small
You can already see a little bit of knives
the finger on it and have thereby one
better stop and then go back like that
onion prepared so far it
at larger I would start from the beginning
to cut it again makes me that
live a little easier
but now to cut down for the
dice if we make this knife too small
ie exchange them for a
Chef's advantage with the chef's knife
One is I put my hand here
threaten accordingly a beautiful
move and do not come up with the
hand comes from prep so the blade on
Brett and I can be up front
to support means I cut only in
Rear area is front on life
my hand when cutting and can
now at the beginning of the cradle movement
either forward or backward
I'm not so good at the back, but I prefer it
push forward and so I cut
my onion into fine dice
this is also a classic theme
topic chives say evil tongues
also press or squeeze or squeeze
he really needs to be cut
you should show host even better
only move in this area if
I now would be too far forward
I would have to far too far with knives
So really move backwards
at this area as close as possible to
together and I let him piece
still lying trims forward
and hiker while doing it slowly by hand
back important turn sharp otherwise
It can happen again that I have the
hack herbs and then it will be
that means bitter must be really nice
then the same is true
over here for my paprika
I have a knife with me now
you can already say cool Poland
see small recesses through the
Well it is easier I have
less friction what do you know about
Cheese knife once overlap of
cut the similar technique fingers
Create at the side and turn
start by pushing it all in
fine stripes crooked fold again
knife abut again back area
and then finely dice the whole thing and
through the cool slides all the way
better then what we have now
salad so far prepared the ingredients
I give in my bowl something
For me now , salmon is the salmon
I have already prepared so far
Speaks fried and seasoned problematic
Every salmon is very fine and very
unstable to cut
Here I have to pay attention here
i take a long knife around the beautiful one
cut the guys make beautiful narrow
that means now hang up and knife
also draw here really go out and
pull and pull and so come
I without any problems setback by the
looks great salad is
marinated with a bit of soy sauce and
sesam I start now as the first
wreak on the plate
and there we put our fried salmon
then the whole thing to the conclusion
garnish with wasabi and a little bit
Little Thai basil outstanding